code-challenges/stacks-and-queues/README.md, before:

 # Stacks and Queues

## Stack
 A stack is a linear data structure in which elements can be inserted and deleted only from one side of the list, called the top. A stack follows the LIFO (Last In First Out) principle, i.e., the element inserted at the last is the first element to come out. The insertion of an element into stack is called push operation, and deletion of an element from the stack is called pop operation. In stack we always keep track of the last element present in the list with a pointer called top.

## Queue: 
A queue is a linear data structure in which elements can be inserted only from one side of the list called rear, and the elements can be deleted only from the other side called the front. The queue data structure follows the FIFO (First In First Out) principle, i.e. the element inserted at first in the list, is the first element to be removed from the list. The insertion of an element in a queue is called an enqueue operation and the deletion of an element is called a dequeue operation. In queue we always maintain two pointers, one pointing to the element which was inserted at the first and still present in the list with the front pointer and the second pointer pointing to the element inserted at the last with the rear pointer.

## Challenge

Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the Node, and a pointer to the next node.
Create a Stack class that has a top property. It creates an empty Stack when instantiated.
This object should be aware of a default empty value assigned to top when the stack is created.
Define a method called push which takes any value as an argument and adds a new node with that value to the top of the stack with an O(1) Time performance.

Define a method called pop that does not take any argument, removes the node from the top of the stack, and returns the node’s value.
Define a method called peek that does not take an argument and returns the value of the node located on top of the stack, without removing it from the stack.

Create a Queue class that has a front property. It creates an empty Queue when instantiated.
This object should be aware of a default empty value assigned to front when the queue is created.
Define a method called enqueue which takes any value as an argument and adds a new node with that value to the back of the queue with an O(1) Time performance.

Define a method called dequeue that does not take any argument, removes the node from the front of the queue, and returns the node’s value.
Define a method called peek that does not take an argument and returns the value of the node located in the front of the queue, without removing it from the queue.


## Approach & Efficiency

I used the built in available methods of using '.next' on linked lists to manipulate the directions of the pointers. And the property of '.value' to show the content

## API

Commit message:

modified stack to use linked list, added solutions for queue, added tests for all methods, tests and lint passing

code-challenges/stacks-and-queues/README.md, after:

# Code Challenge 10 - Stack and a Queue Implementation

# Intro

## Stack
 A stack is a linear data structure in which elements can be inserted and deleted only from one side of the list, called the top. A stack follows the LIFO (Last In First Out) principle, i.e., the element inserted at the last is the first element to come out. The insertion of an element into stack is called push operation, and deletion of an element from the stack is called pop operation. In stack we always keep track of the last element present in the list with a pointer called top.

## Queue: 
A queue is a linear data structure in which elements can be inserted only from one side of the list called rear, and the elements can be deleted only from the other side called the front. The queue data structure follows the FIFO (First In First Out) principle, i.e. the element inserted at first in the list, is the first element to be removed from the list. The insertion of an element in a queue is called an enqueue operation and the deletion of an element is called a dequeue operation. In queue we always maintain two pointers, one pointing to the element which was inserted at the first and still present in the list with the front pointer and the second pointer pointing to the element inserted at the last with the rear pointer.

## Challenge

Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the Node, and a pointer to the next node.
Create a Stack class that has a top property. It creates an empty Stack when instantiated.
This object should be aware of a default empty value assigned to top when the stack is created.
Define a method called push which takes any value as an argument and adds a new node with that value to the top of the stack with an O(1) Time performance.
Define a method called pop that does not take any argument, removes the node from the top of the stack, and returns the node’s value.
Define a method called peek that does not take an argument and returns the value of the node located on top of the stack, without removing it from the stack.
Define a method called isEmpty that does not take an argument, and returns a boolean indicating whether or not the stack is empty.
Create a Queue class that has a front property. It creates an empty Queue when instantiated.
This object should be aware of a default empty value assigned to front when the queue is created.
Define a method called enqueue which takes any value as an argument and adds a new node with that value to the back of the queue with an O(1) Time performance.
Define a method called dequeue that does not take any argument, removes the node from the front of the queue, and returns the node’s value.
Define a method called peek that does not take an argument and returns the value of the node located in the front of the queue, without removing it from the queue.
Define a method called isEmpty that does not take an argume


## Approach & Efficiency

I approached this challenge by using a linked list class as a stack and queue. I manipulated the linked list by modifying the push, pop, enqueue and dequeue methods to to follow LIFO and FIFO methods. I used while loops to travese the linked lists, and used temporary variables when I needed to store a value before deleting a reference to the node. The Peek and isEmpty methods are simply checking if values exist and returning the last or first value depending on if it's a stack or a queue. 

## Tests

`Run npm run test`
